loxam introduces the door tiller
compact and powerful hardware tools for
soil preparation this material
versatile is particularly suitable
to all landscape trades
its small size allows it
to be easily transported in a
van or on a trailer
its small size allows me to
work on the most
cramped and around particular trees
with his 21 horses and his jig
compact it combines power and
maneuverability on all terrains even
slope associated with it to different
accessories
it can cover a multitude
of applications buried stone sister
near by your land in one
passage in order to make a lawn or
to regenerate old turf on a
width of 90 cm the soil is decompressed
the stones and the big clumps of
earth are buried in the ground and the
fine earth and equalize in surface ready to
receive semen other equipment
the rotary harrow levels and equalizes the
ground in one pass the fine earth
and deposited on the surface ready to receive
the seedlings for these two accessories the
working depth is adjustable
easily thanks to the hydraulic system
attached to the handlebar the hydraulic cylinder
also helps raise the tool
finally rank for productivity
increased
finally for brushcutting and
mowing vegetation
brushcutters scourge is
particularly suitable on a meter of
width he cut chopping finely the
tall grass
brambles or brush up to 4
cm of diameter a single pass is enough
retractable flails make it possible to
reduce shock-related wear with
stones or foreign bodies
ergonomics and security are
also taken into account the startup
electric
the hydrostatic drive and the
hydraulic steering contribute to
facilitate the work of the operator
the risks of skating are limited
thanks to the two hydraulic motors that
each feeds a wheel for a
maximum traction
all orders are centralized at
handlebar the speed regulation itself
does without releasing the handlebars without clutching
a device to the dead equips the
wrists to palliate any failure
of the operator finally the change
accessories is realized very quickly
and without tools thanks to the front sleeves
tubular with instant lock
effective powerful and manageable the
tool tiller and its
different accessories are now
available for rent at loxam